V14: Integration testing article updates (#6253)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/implementation/integration-testing.md

# Integration Testing

> These examples are for Umbraco 14. They use [NUnit](https://nunit.org/) as the testing framework. Leveraging [Umbraco.Cms.Tests.Integration](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/tree/contrib/tests/Umbraco.Tests.Integration) providing base classes. Note that the Umbraco.Tests.Integration project uses version `3.14.0` of the NUnit NuGet package, so it is essential to use this version to ensure compatibility. You can check the current package versions used by the Umbraco.Tests.Integration project [here](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/blob/v14/dev/tests/Directory.Packages.props).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples are for Umbraco 14. They use [NUnit](https://nunit.org/) as the testing framework. Leveraging [Umbraco.Cms.Tests.Integration](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/tree/contrib/tests/Umbraco.Tests.Integration) providing base classes. 

{% hint style="info" %}
The Umbraco.Tests.Integration project uses version `3.14.0` of the NUnit NuGet package. It is essential to use this version to ensure compatibility. You can check the current package versions used by the Umbraco.Tests.Integration project [here](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco-CMS/blob/v14/dev/tests/Directory.Packages.props).
{% endhint %}
```

}
```

> {% hint style="info" %} The class shouldn't have a namespace! {% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %} 
The class should not have a namespace.
{% endhint %}
```

    Assert.AreEqual(0, contents.Count());
    Assert.AreEqual(0, contentTypeService.GetAll().Count());
}
```

## Testing from controller to database

Sometimes we want to test from a controller action and down to the database. In this case, we use the built-in concept of a test server. All you need to do is to use the base class `UmbracoTestServerTestBase`. Let’s take an example:

```csharp
[TestFixture]
public class AllCultureControllerTests : UmbracoTestServerTestBase
{
    [Test]
    public async Task EnsureUnauthorizedStatusCode()
    {
        // Arrange
        var url = GetManagementApiUrl<AllCultureController>(x => x.GetAll(CancellationToken.None, 0, 100));

        // Act
        var response = await Client.GetAsync(url);

        // Assert
        Assert.AreEqual(HttpStatusCode.Unauthorized, response.StatusCode);
    }
}
```

In this example you have to note three things:

* You still need the `CustomGlobalSetupTeardown` class.
* Use the `GetManagementApiUrl` to get the URL of an Action and ensure all services use this URL information when requested.
* The `Client` is a standard `HttpClient`, but the base URL points to the test server that is set up for each test.

> Note that you can still use `GetRequiredService` to get the services required to seed data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
You can still use `GetRequiredService` to get the services required to seed data.
{% endhint %}
```
